>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's get picture of
our adjacency list for reference, okay.
We're just gonna say, myGraph, right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Equal some new graph.
And then let's just pretend we do all
the operations to build our graph.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's
move this like this.
We're gonna move this like this.
All right.
So now we have myGraph,
and we're gonna run
myGraph.traverseDepthFirst,
traverseDepthFirst.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Just like this.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, and let's do it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Actually,
let's give it a value.
We'll start with 1, and
then we'll have some function,
we'll just call it foo,
cuz I'm not creative at all.
Okay, here we go.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
I'm gonna skip this to save us some space.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
we're gonna copy this.
So the first time we come in here we're
gonna initialize visited to an empty.
It's gonna be initialized cuz
we haven't passed visited.
We're checking here if we have passed it.
Since we haven't, it's gonna be empty.
The distance is gonna start off at 0,
cuz it's our very first one.
We're gonna call our function on there.
And let's just say we're gonna
console.log, the value of something.
And it's just gonna log one.
Good to go, now visited value equals true.
So what that's gonna look like is this,
right?
Our value is 1, we're setting it as true
and that's what visited now looks like.
Okay, so now we're gonna do this forEach.
We're gonna loop through.
And the way that forEach works is
it's gonna loop through
each item in a collection.
In this case,
our collection could be an array.
And I think, yeah,
it's an array in this implementation.
So for each element in our array,
we're going to run this function.
And we're gonna call that element,
neighbor, right?
And the reason we're calling it neighbor
is because this is our adjacency list.
So everything in our adjacency
list is considered a neighbor.
So for 1 in our adjacency
list we have 2 and 3, and
in this for-each loop we're going to be
looping first through 2, right here, okay?
So, here we go.
First we're gonna check
if it's been visited,
so for
the neighbors we're saying visited 2.
And this is gonna return what?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Undefined.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cuz we haven't
visited yet, it doesn't exist.
So since it returned undefined,
woah, craziness.
Since it returned undefined,
we're not gonna enter into this.
We're going to traverse.
So here, this is referring
to our entire graph, right?
So we're gonna traverse.
We're gonna pass 2.
So here's our recursion.
So we're going to paste
our entire internals over.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
So the things that we're passing, we're
passing neighbor, 2, our function, foo.
And then visited which is our object,
right.
That what's it looks like.
And then our distance plus 1, which is 1.
Okay, so those are things we're
tracking for each recursive call.
And here we go.
Visited, we're gonna either pass it or
set it.
Since we passed it,
this is what visited looks like.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Distance
is now gonna be 1.
We're gonna call our function or whatever,
and maybe that's gonna console.log, 2.
We're just imagining that's what foo does,
it could do anything.
And then now we're going to add
a new element to our visited object.
So now the current value is what?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: 2, absolutely.
So our current value is 2.
So we're gonna add it, and
we're gonna set it as true.
And now you can see how it's
kind of like bread crumbs,
cuz you're remembering where
you've been previously.
Cool.
So this, right,
is still gonna be our graph.
And then here's our node list values.
So we're looking at 2's adjacency list and
looping through it with this forEach,
okay?
And each neighbor is gonna be one
element in forEach's array, or
if it's a linked list or whatever,
however you're going to save it.
In this case we're using an array, okay.
So the first thing we're
gonna do is we're gonna
see if that neighbor has been visited
by checking in our visited object.
And the first neighbor of 2 is 4.
Has it been visited?
No, cuz it's not here yet.
So, if we look up visited 4,
it's just gonna return undefined, right?
So that's gonna be false, and
we're going to then traverse
because it hasn't been visited.